Add data-observability toolset to MCP Server docs (#37963)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mcp_server/setup.md

- `cases`: Tools for [Case Management][42], including creating, searching, and updating cases; managing projects; and linking Jira issues
- `cost`: Tools for [Cloud Cost Management][63], including listing cost-saving recommendations ranked by estimated potential daily savings
- `dashboards`: Tools for retrieving, creating, updating, and deleting [dashboards][46], plus widget schema reference and validation

> - `data-observability`: Tools for [Data Observability][69], including data catalog search, lineage traversal and ranking, monitor coverage and status, entity tags and descriptions, Spark/Databricks job health, warehouse query history, and cost and performance optimization recommendations

Reviewer: This description lists nearly every tool; other toolset descriptions tend to be shorter summaries.
```suggestion
- `data-observability`: Tools for [Data Observability][69], including data catalog search, lineage analysis, data quality monitoring, and cost and performance recommendations for data warehouses and Spark jobs
```
